Name Function Source Options Description
"MaxMean" "maxMean" "" "Connectivity based collapsing=False,True#If a gene has exactly two corresponding probe sets, then it chooses the row according to the selected method. If a gene has three or more corresponding probe sets, it computes the pairwise correlations among the rows that represent the same gene and then selects the highly correlated row if the connectivity based collapsing option is set to true." "Choose the row with the highest mean value"
"MinMean" "minMean" "" "Connectivity based collapsing=False,True#If a gene has exactly two corresponding probe sets, then it chooses the row according to the selected method. If a gene has three or more corresponding probe sets, it computes the pairwise correlations among the rows that represent the same gene and then selects the highly correlated row if the connectivity based collapsing option is set to true." "Choose the row with the lowest mean value"
"AbsMaxMean" "absMaxMean" "" "Connectivity based collapsing=False,True#If a gene has exactly two corresponding probe sets, then it chooses the row according to the selected method. If a gene has three or more corresponding probe sets, it computes the pairwise correlations among the rows that represent the same gene and then selects the highly correlated row if the connectivity based collapsing option is set to true." "Choose the row with the highest mean absolute value"
"AbsMinMean" "absMinMean" "" "Connectivity based collapsing=False,True#If a gene has exactly two corresponding probe sets, then it chooses the row according to the selected method. If a gene has three or more corresponding probe sets, it computes the pairwise correlations among the rows that represent the same gene and then selects the highly correlated row if the connectivity based collapsing option is set to true." "Choose the row with the lowest mean absolute value"
"MaxRowVariance" "maxRowVariance" "" "Connectivity based collapsing=False,True#If a gene has exactly two corresponding probe sets, then it chooses the row according to the selected method. If a gene has three or more corresponding probe sets, it computes the pairwise correlations among the rows that represent the same gene and then selects the highly correlated row if the connectivity based collapsing option is set to true." "Choose the row with the highest variance"
"ME" "me" "" "" "Choose the eigenrow (first principal component of the rows that represent the same gene)"
"Average" "average" "" "Connectivity based collapsing=False,True#If a gene has exactly two corresponding probe sets, then it chooses the row according to the selected method. If a gene has three or more corresponding probe sets, it computes the pairwise correlations among the rows that represent the same gene and then selects the highly correlated row if the connectivity based collapsing option is set to true." "For each column, take the average value of the rows that represent the same gene"
